.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH noseyparker-rules-list 1  "list "
.SH NAME
noseyparker\-rules\-list \- List available rules
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBnoseyparker rules list\fR [\fB\-\-rules\fR] [\fB\-\-ruleset\fR] [\fB\-o\fR|\fB\-\-output\fR] [\fB\-f\fR|\fB\-\-format\fR] [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR]... [\fB\-q\fR|\fB\-\-quiet\fR] [\fB\-\-color\fR] [\fB\-\-progress\fR] [\fB\-\-rlimit\-nofile\fR] [\fB\-\-sqlite\-cache\-size\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-backtraces\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
List available rules
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-rules\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Load additional rules and rulesets from the specified file or directory

The paths can be either files or directories. Directories are recursively walked and all discovered YAML files of rules and rulesets will be loaded.

This option can be repeated.
.TP
\fB\-\-ruleset\fR=\fIID\fR [default: default]
Enable the ruleset with the specified ID

The ID must resolve to a built\-in ruleset or to an additional ruleset loaded with the `\-\-rules=PATH` option.

The special `all` ID causes all loaded rules to be used.

This option can be repeated.

Specifying this option disables the default ruleset. If you want to use a custom ruleset in addition to the default ruleset, specify this option twice, e.g., `\-\-ruleset default \-\-ruleset CUSTOM_ID`.
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-output\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Write output to the specified path

If this argument is not provided, stdout will be used.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-format\fR=\fIFORMAT\fR [default: human]
Write output in the specified format
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
human: A text\-based format designed for humans
.IP \(bu 2
json: Pretty\-printed JSON format
.RE
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Enable verbose output

This can be repeated up to 3 times to enable successively more output.
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Suppress non\-error feedback messages

This silences WARNING, INFO, DEBUG, and TRACE messages and disables progress bars. This overrides any provided verbosity and progress reporting options.
.TP
\fB\-\-color\fR=\fIMODE\fR [default: auto]
Enable or disable colored output

When this is "auto", colors are enabled for stdout and stderr when they are terminals.

If the `NO_COLOR` environment variable is set, it takes precedence and is equivalent to `\-\-color=never`.
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRauto, never, always]
.TP
\fB\-\-progress\fR=\fIMODE\fR [default: auto]
Enable or disable progress bars

When this is "auto", progress bars are enabled when stderr is a terminal.
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRauto, never, always]
.TP
\fB\-\-rlimit\-nofile\fR=\fILIMIT\fR [default: 16384]
Set the rlimit for number of open files to LIMIT

This should not need to be changed from the default unless you run into crashes from running out of file descriptors.
.TP
\fB\-\-sqlite\-cache\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR [default: \-1048576]
Set the cache size for sqlite connections to SIZE

This has the effect of setting SQLite\*(Aqs `pragma cache_size=SIZE`. The default value is set to use a maximum of 1GiB for database cache. See <https://sqlite.org/pragma.html#pragma_cache_size> for more details.
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-backtraces\fR=\fIBOOL\fR [default: true]
Enable or disable backtraces on panic

This has the effect of setting the `RUST_BACKTRACE` environment variable to 1.
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRtrue, false]
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
