.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH noseyparker 1  "noseyparker v0.17.0-x86_64-apple-darwin"
.SH NAME
noseyparker \- Nosey Parker is a command\-line program that finds secrets and sensitive information in textual data and Git history.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBnoseyparker\fR [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR]... [\fB\-q\fR|\fB\-\-quiet\fR] [\fB\-\-color\fR] [\fB\-\-progress\fR] [\fB\-\-rlimit\-nofile\fR] [\fB\-\-sqlite\-cache\-size\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-backtraces\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] <\fIsubcommands\fR>
.SH DESCRIPTION
Nosey Parker is a command\-line program that finds secrets and sensitive information in textual data and Git history.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Enable verbose output

This can be repeated up to 3 times to enable successively more output.
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Suppress non\-error feedback messages

This silences WARNING, INFO, DEBUG, and TRACE messages and disables progress bars. This overrides any provided verbosity and progress reporting options.
.TP
\fB\-\-color\fR=\fIMODE\fR [default: auto]
Enable or disable colored output

When this is "auto", colors are enabled for stdout and stderr when they are terminals.

If the `NO_COLOR` environment variable is set, it takes precedence and is equivalent to `\-\-color=never`.
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRauto, never, always]
.TP
\fB\-\-progress\fR=\fIMODE\fR [default: auto]
Enable or disable progress bars

When this is "auto", progress bars are enabled when stderr is a terminal.
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRauto, never, always]
.TP
\fB\-\-rlimit\-nofile\fR=\fILIMIT\fR [default: 16384]
Set the rlimit for number of open files to LIMIT

This should not need to be changed from the default unless you run into crashes from running out of file descriptors.
.TP
\fB\-\-sqlite\-cache\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR [default: \-1048576]
Set the cache size for sqlite connections to SIZE

This has the effect of setting SQLite\*(Aqs `pragma cache_size=SIZE`. The default value is set to use a maximum of 1GiB for database cache. See <https://sqlite.org/pragma.html#pragma_cache_size> for more details.
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-backtraces\fR=\fIBOOL\fR [default: true]
Enable or disable backtraces on panic

This has the effect of setting the `RUST_BACKTRACE` environment variable to 1.
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRtrue, false]
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
noseyparker\-scan(1)
Scan content for secrets
.TP
noseyparker\-summarize(1)
Summarize scan findings
.TP
noseyparker\-report(1)
Report detailed scan findings
.TP
noseyparker\-github(1)
Interact with GitHub
.TP
noseyparker\-datastore(1)
Manage datastores
.TP
noseyparker\-rules(1)
Manage rules
.TP
noseyparker\-generate(1)
Generate Nosey Parker release assets
.SH VERSION
v0.17.0

Build Configuration:

    Build Timestamp:    2024\-03\-05T15:01:18.889024000Z

    Commit Timestamp:   2024\-03\-05T09:55:01.000000000\-05:00
    Commit Branch:      HEAD
    Commit SHA:         41f30e2ca0186435ed3649e220549d4a4516109f

    Cargo Features:     disable_trace,log,release
    Debug:              false
    Optimization:       3
    Target Triple:      x86_64\-apple\-darwin

Build System:

    OS:                 Darwin
    OS Version:         MacOS 13.6.4

    CPU Vendor:         GenuineIntel
    CPU Brand:          Intel(R) Core(TM) i7\-8700B CPU @ 3.20GHz
    CPU Cores:          4

    rustc Version:      1.76.0
    rustc Channel:      stable
    rustc Host Triple:  x86_64\-apple\-darwin
    rustc Commit Date:  2024\-02\-04
    rustc Commit SHA:   07dca489ac2d933c78d3c5158e3f43beefeb02ce
    rustc LLVM Version: 17.0
.SH AUTHORS
Brad Larsen <bradford.larsen@praetorian.com>
